// Team Introduction
Good afternoon everyone, it is my great pleasure to introduce our team to you all. Our team name is "ATA", I am Tim.
This beautiful lady is Amy, and this handsome gentleman is Alex.

// Expressing Our Viewpoints
Today, the debate topic is "Should we ban direct advertising by drug companies to consumers?" 
Our team's viewpoint is that "We should NOT ban direct advertising by drug companies to consumers" 
Next, we will elaborate on our viewpoints from the perspectives of individuals , industrial , and state.

// Individual Perspective
As a consumer, I think that drug advertising has many positive aspects in our lives. 
I will elaborate on three points:
First, drug advertising helps increase consumers' health awareness.
 Currently, the main structure of drug advertising content consists of "What", "Why", and "How". 
   1. The "What" part explains the basic information and symptoms of the disease to consumers. 
   2. The "Why" part explains the causes of the disease.
   3. The "How" part explains the working principle of the medication. 
Consumers can evaluate their own health status by comparing the "What" part. After understanding the causes of these diseases, consumers can consciously avoid some unhealthy habits in their daily lives. For example, avoiding high-fat and high-salt foods.

Second, drug advertising has created an effective channel for consumers to access medical information. In fact, drug advertising has already become closely linked to our lives. Perhaps you and I have already benefited from it. I want to explain this fact to you through the following questions: 
  1. Have you ever purchased drugs such as these? 
  2. Through what channels did you learn about the efficacy of these drugs? 
  3. Did your symptoms improve after using these drugs? 
For me, I have had many experiences like this, and most of them learned about the efficacy of the drugs through drug advertising. I believe many of you have had the same experiences.

Third, drug advertising lowers patients' medical costs. The example just mentioned shows that the medical knowledge provided by drug advertising can help consumers deal with some non-urgent and minor illnesses in their daily lives, saving them time and money.

In summary, I believe that "We should NOT ban direct advertising by drug companies to consumers"
